# cornet

## For the impatient

Just run "sudo ./Install"

and then run a web server by running "cornet_webServer"


## Description

Particular Scripts for the Cognitive Radio Network Testbed (CORNET).

A software project to aid in installing software on the CORNET SDR
(software defined radio) test system at Virginia Tech.  It contains
scripts and configuration files that are particular to that system.  This
is only intended to be useful to that system, though files from this
project could be harvested and used by others.  Files that become generic
will likely be moved to the CRTS (Cognitive Radio Test System) software
project, https://github.com/vtwireless/crts .


## Installing

Configure by copying default_config.bash to config.bash and than edit
config.bash .  Or you can skip that step and you will use the default
configuration from default_config.bash.

Then run "sudo ./Install".


## Ports

Currently using operating system Ubuntu 18.04.2 LTS


## Details

The Install script needs to be run as root.

Install runs the scripts stage*.bash in the order that the script
filenames sort.

You can add more stages to this install script by adding files with
filenames like stage*.user.bash or stage*.root.bash.

File like *.done and *.FAILED are generated files that let you have a
little feedback and control as to what ran and what will run respectively.
A *.done file is generated when a corresponding stage script finishes
successfully.   If a *.done file exists the corresponding stage script
will not run from the Install script.  You can delete the *.done file to
let a corresponding stage script run again.

All the stage* scripts are run with variables from the configuration
file config.bash and are run with the current working directory being
this directory.

The script RepoClean removes all files that are generated by running
the Install script.
